# Sprint 1 Finalization Meeting Minutes

**Date**: February 9, 2024

**Time**: 14:45

**Location**: H966 - Hall Building Lab Room

## Attendees

- Mahmoud Mustafa
- Thomas Mahut
- Vincent Nguyen
- Adam Tahle
- Alex Page
- Azal Al-Mashta

## Absentees

## Agenda

1. Consider rewriting task breakdowns such that they are more technical.
2. Write a 1-2 sentence "background" on each member, for the readme.
3. Try to interpret provided format for meeting minutes files - have someone other than Thomas commit file name changes.
4. Specifing a specific agile methodology over just "Agile"? Even if examples provided were Agile & Waterfall, isn't agile assumed by the sprint nature of the project?
5. Review Mahmoud's timeline - ask TA for approval.
6. Review "permissions" with which users were added to the repository.
7. Discuss & assign git rules (in the wiki).

## Discussion

- Task breakdowns were discussed, and it was decided to enhance their technical aspects.
- The team agreed to create a development branch for integrating and testing new features before merging into the main branch, with unanimous support after initial skepticism from Thomas.
- The necessity of specifying a particular agile methodology for the project approach was questioned, considering the inherent agility implied by the sprint nature.
- Action items were assigned, including adding technical details to task breakdowns, defining workflows and git rules, and seeking TA feedback on various project-related questions.

## Decisions Made

- We will create and use a development branch where new features and changes are integrated and tested before being merged into the main branch. Thomas questioned the necessity of such a branch, but Azal & Alex convinced him of its benefits once integrated into the team's workflow. The decision was made unanimously.

## Actions Items

- Thomas & Adam: Add technical details to current task breakdown.
- Alex & Vincent: Add user flow to user stories.
- Thomas, Azal, Adam, & Mahmoud: Add acceptance criteria to user stories.
- Thomas & Adam: Assign story points to user stories.
- Azal: Define workflow & git rules in the wiki.
- Mahmoud: Expand the discussion sections in previous meeting minutes.
- Mahmoud: Precise how decisions were made in previous meeting minutes.
- Azal: Put sprint 1 submission documents in a new sprint 1 folder in the root of the repository.
- Mahmoud & Thomas: Ask the TA the following questions:
  - Can use a table format for the qualitative assessment in the technology stack analysis?
  - Ask for feedback on our high-level timeline.
  - Must we specify what _type_ of agile in the project approach?
  - What sort of contributer permissions are expected to be set for the GitHub repository?

## Next Meeting

- February 14, 2024, at 19:30.
- Downtown Concordia campus, LB 459.
